       O2MICRO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
    The software you are about to access is provided pursuant to this Software
    License Agreement (Agreement). By downloading, installing, or otherwise
    using the software, you are entering into and agree to and consent to be
    bound by all of the terms of this Agreement between you and O2Micro
    International Limited on behalf of itself and its affiliates and
    subsidiaries (OMI), effective as of the date you use (the Effective
    Date). You represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years
    of age if you are a resident of PRC, or the age of majority in the
    jurisdiction of your residence. If you are accepting these terms on behalf
    of another person or a company or other legal entity, you represent and
    warrant that you have full authority to bind that person, company, or legal
    entity to these terms. You may hereinafter be referenced on occasion in
    thisAgreement as the (Customer.) If you do not agree to the terms of this
    Agreement, OMI does not grant you a license to the software and the
    software will not be provided to you
    


    Recitals
    A. OMI, among other things, develops, manufactures, and sells semiconductor
       products and offers software consisting of certain software development
       tools, operating systems, driver software, firmware, and example
       application code. The provided software contains software or features
       representative or illustrative of those that can be used with OMI ICs
       and can be used for development of software application programs to
       operate with OMI ICs or products containing OMI ICs.
    B. Customer desires to license the software from OMI, under the terms and
       conditions of this Agreement.
    C. This Agreement permits Customer to license the software from OMI or its
       distributors, representatives, or other partners who are duly
       authorized by OMI to offer such licenses and sets forth the basic
       terms and conditions under which the software will be delivered.
    
    1. Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the meaning
       given below:
    1.1 Affiliate means any entity under the Control of a party where
        (Control) means ownership of or the right to control greater than 50% of 
		the voting securities of such entity.
    1.2 Customer Program means a software program designed to operate with OMI
        ICs and developed by Customer using the Software.
    1.3 Documentation means all manuals, documentation, and other written
        materials that OMI includes or otherwise provides as related to the
        Software or OMI ICs, whether in printed or electronic form, including
        without limitation, customer reference and installation manuals, user’s
        guides, and programmers guide.
    1.4 Executable Code means software in a machine-readable and executable
        form which is not generally readable by humans without reverse
        assembly, reverse compiling, or reverse engineering, but which can be
        combined in an unmodified form with Source Code and which can be
        compiled to make a Customer Program.
    1.5 OMI ICs means integrated circuits that are separately purchased or
        obtained by Customer directly from OMI or indirectly from OMI’s
        distributors, representatives, or other partners who are duly
        authorized by OMI to sell such integrated circuits.
    1.6 OMI-Enabled Products means any product made by or for Customer that
        incorporates a OMI IC.
    1.7 OMI Proprietary Software means the software provided by OMI to Customer
        under and upon Customer’s acceptance of this Agreement, all permitted
        copies, modifications, or derivative works thereof made by Customer,
        and all basic or related materials pertinent thereto, including without
        limitation any documentation provided, either in hardcopy form or
        electronic form. OMI Proprietary Software excludes Open Source Software
        and Third Party Technology.
    1.8 Object Code means software in machine-readable and executable form
        resulting from compilation or assembly of Source Code and that is not
        generally readable by humans without reverse assembly, reverse
        compiling, or reverse engineering.
    1.9 Open Source Software means any open source, community, or other free
        software code or libraries of any type, including, without limitation,
        any code that (a) is made generally available for free or that meets
        the definition of (open source) or (free) as defined by the Open Source
        Initiative or Free Software Foundation or (b) is licensed under any
        license agreement approved by either such entity (such as, for example
        purposes only, the BSD, MIT, GNU GPL, GNU LGPL, Mozilla, or Apache
        license).
    1.10 Site(s) means the Customer’s premises.
    1.11 Software means the OMI Proprietary Software, any Third Party
        Technology, and any Open Source Software delivered to Customer under
        the terms of this Agreement. Unless otherwise noted, the Software and
        Documentation are referred to collectively herein as (Software).
    1.12 Source Code means software in human-readable, high-level language
        form, which can be compiled or assembled into Object Code, machine
        code, or another executable form of code.
    1.13 Third Party Technology means any software, feature or functionality
        that requires a license grant and/or payments by Customer to third
        parties for commercial activities related to Customer Programs and/or
        OMI-Enabled Products.

    2. License 
    OMI Proprietary Software License Grant
    2.1 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, OMI hereby grants to Customer 
        during the Term a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
        non-assignable, non-sublicensable (except as expressly granted herein)
        license to do the following:
        a. use Object Code versions of OMI Proprietary Software, internally and
            only at the Site(s) for the sole purpose of creating Customer
            Programs;
        b. load, install, run, execute, test, and debug Object Code versions of
            OMI Proprietary Software, as incorporated within a Customer
            Program, in a OMI-Enabled Product internally and only at the
            Site(s) and only for the purpose of enabling OMI ICs in the
            OMI-Enabled Product;
        c. grant a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
            non-sublicensable sublicense to third parties to install, run,
            load, and execute Object Code versions of Customer Programs on
            OMI-Enabled Products, and to distribute Customer Programs
            embedded in OMI-Enabled Products to such third parties solely for
            the purpose of and only to the extent needed to carry out such
            sublicense. The sublicense will subject the third party to the
            restrictions and obligations of Section 2.3 (License Restrictions
            on OMI Proprietary Software) as if the third party were in the
            place of Customer. Customer will be fully responsible for the
            compliance with and liable for the breach of the sublicense by
            the third party; and
        d. use unmodified versions of Executable Code of OMI Proprietary
            Software, to incorporate such Executable Code within Customer
            Programs, and to create an Object Code version of Customer
            Programs.
            In all cases, the rights granted herein shall be exercised in
            accordance with (i) the Documentation, and (ii) this Agreement.

    2.2 Source Code License. 
        To the extent that the OMI Proprietary Software includes any Source
        Code, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, OMI grants
        to Customer a non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
        non-assignable license during the Term to use, modify, and compile the
        Source Code internally and only at the Site(s) solely to the extent
        necessary to support the development of a Customer Program as permitted
        under Section 2.1 (License Grant to OMI Proprietary Software) above.
    
    License Restrictions on OMI Proprietary Software.
    2.3 Except for the rights expressly granted in this Section 2, OMI grants
        no rights in the OMI Proprietary Software to Customer, whether by
        implication, estoppel, or otherwise. Subject to the rights expressly
        granted in this Section 2, Customer shall not encourage, allow, or
        facilitate any third party to:
        a. modify, translate, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble,
            or otherwise translate or create derivative works based on the OMI
            Proprietary Software, except solely to the extent (i) expressly
            permitted in Section 2.1 (License Grant to OMI Proprietary
            Software) above or (ii) by applicable law and then only with
            advance written notice of such activity to OMI;
        b. review, analyze, or evaluate OMI Proprietary Software for the
            purpose of determining the infringement, validity, or
            enforceability of any intellectual property, or compare OMI
            Proprietary Software to intellectual property in any way;
        c. examine, review, evaluate, or otherwise use the OMI Proprietary
            Software for the purpose of developing or enabling a product or
            technology that competes with OMI;
        d. rent, lease, or sublicense the OMI Proprietary Software to a third
            party, except as expressly permitted in Section 2.1;
        e. remove any product identification, proprietary, copyright or other
            notices contained in the OMI Proprietary Software;
        f. distribute or sell the OMI Proprietary Software in any manner other
            than as permitted under Section 2.1 above;

    Authorized Users. 
    2.4 Customer’s consultants and contractors, who are not direct competitors
        of OMI and who are under written agreements to provide services to
        Customer ((Authorized Users)), may use the OMI Proprietary Software in
        accordance with the licenses granted to Customer under this Agreement,
        provided that:
        a. Customer shall remain responsible for the Authorized User’s
            compliance with such confidentiality terms and the applicable terms
            of this Agreement, and
        b. each Authorized User’s use of the OMI Proprietary Software is only
            for Customer’s benefit in accordance with this Agreement.

    No Right to Manufacture. 
    2.5 Customer acknowledges and agrees that the license to the OMI
        Proprietary Software granted in Section 2.1 does not include any
        license to any of OMI’s other technology or intellectual property and
        that, consequently, it shall not have the right under this Agreement
        to develop, manufacture, or have manufactured any integrated circuits
        that incorporate any OMI technology, and that Customer is required to
        separately purchase or obtain OMI ICs from OMI or a OMI certified
        distributor.
        
    Form of Delivery
    2.6 OMI will provide the Software licensed hereunder to Customer by
        electronic medium or other form as mutually agreed upon

    Open Source Licenses.
    2.7 Customer understands and acknowledges that Open Source Software may be
        delivered pursuant to this Agreement and subject to an Open Source
        Software license, that each Open Source Software license is a separate
        agreement between Customer and the copyright holder of such Open Source
        Software and that OMI is not a party to any such Open Source Software
        license. The terms and conditions governing Customer’s use of the Open
        Source Software are set forth in the license agreement indicated in the
        Open Source Software and not in this Agreement. Customer’s use of all
        Open Source Software must comply with the terms of each applicable Open
        Source Software license. This Agreement does not limit Customer’s
        rights under, or grant Customer rights that supersede, the license
        terms of any particular Open Source Software license.
        
    3. Representations and Warranties of Customer
    3.1 General.
        a. None of the Customer Programs, OMI-Enabled Products, or any portion
            thereof, excluding any OMI Proprietary Software contained therein,
            constitutes or may give rise to a claim of infringement of any
            patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property
            right of a third party anywhere in the world; and
        b. No portion of any Customer Program (including any libraries), or any
            OMI-Enabled Product, contains any other software or code which
            could compromise or interfere in any way with OMI’s rights,
            including IPR, in or to the OMI Proprietary Software or other OMI
            materials that may come into contact with such Customer Programs
            or OMI-Enabled Products, or require OMI or Customer to disclose
            any Source Code to any such OMI Proprietary Software integrated
            in or distributed with any Customer Program or OMI-Enabled Product.
    3.2 OMI Proprietary Software. Customer on behalf of itself and its
        Affiliates hereby covenants not to bring suit or otherwise assert any
        intellectual property right against OMI or any user, distributor, or
        manufacturer of the OMI Proprietary Software for the manufacture, use,
        import, offer for sale, or sale of any products or services based on
        the OMI Proprietary Software.
        
    4. Ownership
        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and except
        for the limited license rights expressly provided herein, OMI and its
        suppliers have and will retain all rights, title, and interest in and
        to the OMI Proprietary Software (including, without limitation, all
        patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual
        property rights) and all copies, modifications, and derivative works
        thereof. Customer acknowledges that it is obtaining only a limited
        license right to the OMI Proprietary Software and that irrespective
        of any use of the words (purchase), (sale,) or like terms hereunder,
        no ownership rights are being conveyed to Customer under this
        Agreement or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, as between OMI
        and Customer, Customer shall have and retain all rights, title, and
        interest in and to any Customer Programs except to the extent that
        any Software is incorporated therein.
        
    5. Term and Termination.
    5.1 Term. This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date, will
        continue for ____3___ years (the (License Term)), and expire when the
        License Term has elapsed, unless earlier terminated in accordance with
        this Section (the (Term)).
        
    5.2 Termination. This Agreement (and all licenses and sublicenses granted
        hereunder) shall terminate on the earlier of:
        a. immediately upon Customer’s material breach of any term of this
            Agreement
        b. OMI’s notice of termination, which may be for any reason, to
           Customer
        c. the date upon which Customer discontinues the development, sale or
            distribution of Customer Programs or OMI-Enabled Products;
        d. the date that Customer becomes insolvent, makes a general assignment
            for the benefit of creditors, suffers or permits the appointment of
            a receiver, becomes subject to any proceeding under any bankruptcy
            or insolvency law whether domestic or foreign, voluntary or
            involuntary; or
        e. Expiration of the Term pursuant to Section 5.1 (Term).
        Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement or upon written
        request from OMI, Customer shall certify to OMI in writing that
        Customer has returned (or, with the consent of OMI, destroyed) all
        copies of the OMI Proprietary Software and any other material
        provided by OMI (excluding Open Source Software).
    
    6. Warranty Disclaimer.
        TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SOFTWARE AND ALL SERVICES ARE
        PROVIDED (AS IS) AND (WITH ALL FAULTS.) NEITHER OMI NOR ITS SUPPLIERS
        MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
        INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. CUSTOMER MAY HAVE
        OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS. HOWEVER, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
        THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE
        LIMITED TO THE LIMITED WARRANTY PERIOD.
        
    7. Support and Maintenance 
        Ongoing maintenance and customer support for Customer’s software that
        is based upon or includes portions of the OMI Proprietary Software is
        the responsibility of the Customer. OMI may provide to Customer, in
        OMI’s sole discretion, updates to the Software from time to time. Upon
        delivery, such updates to the Software are subject to the terms and
        conditions herein.
        

    9. Limitation of Remedies and Damages.
    9.1 NEITHER PARTY IS LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, FAILURE OF
        SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT,
        SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING
        LOST PROFITS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
        TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
        INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.
    9.2 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, OMI’S AND ITS
        LICENSORS’ AND SUPPLIERS’ ENTIRE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER THIS
        AGREEMENT TO CUSTOMER SHALL NOT EXCEED TEN U.S. DOLLARS ($10.00).
    9.3 THIS SECTION 9 DOES NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMER WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM
        ARISING UNDER SECTION 2.1 (OMI PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE LICENSE GRANT),
        SECTION 3 (REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CUSTOMER), SECTION 10
        (INDEMNIFICATION BY CUSTOMER) OR SECTION 11 (CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION).
    9.4 The parties agree that the limitations specified in this Section 9 will
        survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in this
        Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
        
    10. Indemnification by Customer
        Customer shall indemnify, defend, and hold OMI and its Affiliates
        harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, or expenses
        (including reasonable attorney’s fees and court, arbitration, and
        mediation costs) in connection with, relating to, or which result from:
        a. any allegation of infringement of a third party’s intellectual
            property rights with respect to any Customer Program or OMI-Enabled
            Product, but excluding any such claim in either case to the extent
            based on the Software on a stand-alone basis,
        b. the sale, marketing, distribution, or manufacture of any OMI-Enabled
            Product, but excluding any such claim to the extent based on the
            Software on a stand-alone basis, or
        c. Customer’s breach of any provisions of Section 6 (Representations
           and Warranties of Customer).

    11. Confidential Information
        Each party agrees that all code, inventions, know-how, business,
        technical and financial information it ((Receiving Party)) obtains from
        the disclosing party ((Disclosing Party)) constitute the confidential
        property of the Disclosing Party ((Confidential Information)), provided
        that it is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or
        should be reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be Confidential
        Information due to the nature of the information disclosed and the
        circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Any software, documentation,
        or technical information provided by OMI (or its agents)(excluding Open
        Source Software), performance information relating to the OMI
        Proprietary Software, and the terms of this Agreement are deemed
        Confidential Information of OMI without any marking or further
        designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, the Receiving Party
        will hold in confidence and not use or disclose any Confidential
        Information. The Receiving Party’s nondisclosure obligation does not
        apply to information that the Receiving Party can document:
        a. was rightfully in its possession or known to it without the breach
           of any confidentiality obligations prior to receipt of the
           Confidential Information;
        b. is or has become public knowledge through no fault of the Receiving
           Party;
        c. is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party
           without breach of any confidentiality obligation:
        d. is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who
           had no access to such information; or
        e. is required to be disclosed pursuant to a regulation, law, or court
           order (but only to the minimum extent required to comply with such
           regulation or order and with advance written notice to the
           Disclosing Party).
    12. General 
    12.1 All communications between the parties including, but not limited to,
        notices, error or bug reports, the exercise of options, and support
        requests shall be in the English language or the language agreed upon. 
    12.2 Neither party shall assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any
        of its rights and obligations hereunder whether in whole or in part
        without the prior written consent of the other. An assignment shall be
        deemed to include, without limitation; (i) any transaction or series of
        transactions whereby a third party acquires, directly or indirectly,
        the power to control the management and policies of the party, whether
        through the acquisition of voting securities, by contract or otherwise;
        or (ii) the sale of more than fifty percent (50%) of the party’s assets
        whether in a single transaction or series of transactions.
    12.3 Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in its
        performance under this Agreement due to causes, including, but not
        limited to, acts of civil or military authority, fires, epidemics,
        floods, earthquakes, riots, wars, sabotage, third party industrial
        disputes and governments actions, which are beyond its reasonable
        control; provided that the delayed party: (i) gives the other party
        written notice of such cause promptly, and in any event within fourteen
        (14) days of discovery thereof; and (ii) uses its reasonable efforts to
        correct such failure or delay in its performance. The delayed party’s
        time for performance or cure under this Clause 12.4 shall be extended
        for a period equal to the duration of the cause.
    12.4 OMI and LICENSEE are independent parties. Neither company nor their
        employee, consultants, contractors or agents are agents, employees or
        joint ventures of the other party, nor do they have the authority to
        bind the other party by contract or otherwise to any obligation.
        Neither party will represent to the contrary, either expressly,
        implicitly, by appearance or otherwise.
    12.5 Failure or delay by either party to enforce any provision of this
        Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or
        any other provision.
    12.6 The provisions contained in each clause and sub-clause of this
        Agreement shall be enforceable independently of each of the others and
        if a provision of this Agreement is, or becomes, illegal, invalid or
        deemed unenforceable by any court or administrative body of competent
        jurisdiction it shall not affect the legality, validity or
        enforceability of any other provisions of this Agreement.
    12.7 This Agreement, including all Annexes, constitutes the entire
        agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
        hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous
        understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject
        matter. No amendment to or modification of this Agreement shall be
        binding unless in writing and signed by a duly Authorized
        representative of both parties. Nothing contained in any purchase
        order shall modify or add any terms and conditions to this Agreement.
    12.8 The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be
        governed by Law of People’s Republic of China. The parties agree to
        submit any claim or actions arising from and/or related to this
        Agreement to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of China
        International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission and agree to
        waive any right to assert the defense of forum non conveniens or to
        object to such venue in any such proceeding.
    12.9 Injunctive Relief. Customer understands and agrees that,
        notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, breach of the
        provisions of this Agreement by Customer will cause OMI irreparable
        damage for which recovery of money damages would be inadequate, and
        that OMI shall therefore be entitled to obtain timely equitable relief,
        including but not limited to injunctive relief, to protect OMI’s rights
        under this Agreement in addition to any and all remedies available at
        law.
        